doc/website/blog: v025 announcement (#2938)
ariga/atlas: doc/website/blog/2024-07-09-v025-row-level-security.mdx

or both, providing fine-grained control over data access and modification.

### How does RLS work?

When you create and enable a row-level security (RLS) policy in PostgreSQL, the database enforces the specified access
control rules on a per-row basis.

For example, you can create a policy that allows only employees to see their own records in an employees table.
The policy could look like this:

```postgresql
CREATE POLICY employee_policy ON employees
  FOR SELECT
  USING (current_user = employee_role);
```

This SQL command creates an RLS policy named `employee_policy` on the employees table. The `FOR SELECT` clause specifies
that this policy applies to `SELECT` queries. The `USING` clause contains the condition `current_user = employee_role`, which
means that a user can only select rows where the employee_role column matches their PostgreSQL username.

Next, database administrators typically run:

```postgresql
ALTER TABLE employees ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY;
```

This command enables RLS on the employees table. With RLS enabled, PostgreSQL will check the policies defined for

> this table whenever a user attempts to access or modify its rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this table whenever a user attempts to access or modify existing rows, or insert new ones.
```

```hcl
table "employees" {
  schema = schema.public
  column "employee_role" {
    type = text
  }
  row_security {
    enabled  = true // ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY
  }
}
```

Finally, run `atlas schema apply` to apply the changes to your database!

To learn more about RLS using Atlas, check out our [documentation](/atlas-schema/hcl#row-level-security-policies).

### Introducing Atlas Pro

Since launching Atlas Cloud a little over a year ago, we have been working hard with our users and customers to make
Atlas as easy and simple to use as possible.

One point of confusion we have encountered, especially around our pricing plans, was how users who currently don't
want (or can't) use Atlas Cloud for their CI/CD pipelines can get access to the advanced CLI features that Atlas offers.
Previously, teams needed to buy Cloud quota to get access to the CLI, which didn't make a lot of sense.

To address some of these issues we are making some small changes to our pricing plans:

Atlas now comes in three tiers:

* **Open** - Our CLI, doesn't require creating an account and comes with a solid set of features (this is more than
  enough for many of our users).

> * **Pro (previously "Business")** - An enhanced version of our CLI, which includes support for advanced database
>   features and drivers.
> 
>   It will cost $9/month/user, but users get their first 3 seats per company for free when they sign up. Pro users
>   also have access to Atlas Cloud (pricing remains the same).
> * **Enterprise** - our enterprise tier, targeted mostly at larger organizations or teams in regulated industries with
>   stricter compliance requirements.
> 
> To learn more about our new plans, head over to our [updated pricing page](/pricing).
> 
> ### Wrapping Up
> 
> That's all for this release! We hope you try out (and enjoy) all of these new features and find them useful.
> As always, we would love to hear your feedback and suggestions on our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/zZ6sWVg6NT).
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Pro (previously "Business")** - An enhanced version of our CLI, which includes support for advanced database
  features and drivers.
  It will cost $9/month/user, but users get their first 3 seats per company for free when they sign up. Pro users
  also have access to Atlas Cloud (pricing remains the same).
* **Enterprise** - our enterprise tier, targeted mostly at larger organizations or teams in regulated industries with
  stricter compliance requirements.

To learn more about our new plans, head over to our [updated pricing page](/pricing).

### Wrapping Up

That's all for this release! We hope you try out (and enjoy) all of these new features and find them useful.
As always, we would love to hear your feedback and suggestions on our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/zZ6sWVg6NT).
```
